hey welcome everybody to another blade
HQ overview alright we're gonna take a
look at this leone ma design this is the
warrior one comes in that nice padded
case and inside you do get a sticker and
a contact card but enough of that on to
the knife here it is titanium frame lock
this is again of the warrior one good
clean lines on it
very nice looking knife and well
produced all finished and kind of a
tumbled stone wash it flows through the
handle and onto the blade I'll show you
that pocket clip again titanium and that
is going to be a right tip up carry give
you a shot of that in the pocket
all right so that's what it looks like
when you are carrying this knife just
want to show it off a little bit more
good centering there it is a flipper you
can see the standoffs jumping up on that
flipper nice solid feel to it
check out the lock up on it little
inserts as well in it one more time nice
and clean and fast there is the blade
again you can see that stone wash all
the way through give you an overall look
of the knife good jumping up there nice
feeling like I said this is just a
no-fuss knife didn't mention the blade
steel but that is a CPM s35vn steel I
have to say I really like the look and
feel of this knife overall weight is
four point six eight ounces the overall
length comes in at 7 and 3/4 of an inch
and it has a three and a just a little
bit more than a quarter inch blade on it
so there you go you can check out this
sweet titanium knife vailable now just
need to click that Buy Now button and
head over to a website thanks for
watching everybody have a good one